Explicit settings CPU resources for a worker (#268)
It4innovations/hyperqueue: CHANGELOG.md

### Resource management
* Workers can be now started with the parameter `--cpus="no-ht"`. When detecting CPUs in this mode,
  HyperThreading will be ignored (for each physical core only the first HT virtual core will be chosen).

> * The user may explicityly specify what CPU ids should be used by a worker (including arragements IDs into sockets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user may explicitly specify what CPU IDs should be used by a worker (including arrangement of IDs into sockets).
```

Reviewer: An example of this in the changelog would be nice :)
